♪ HER HEART IS BRIGHT ♪
♪ SHE'S NELLA
THE PRINCESS KNIGHT ♪
♪ ADVENTURE IS CALLING,
SHE CAN'T STAY AWAY ♪
♪ HER ARMOR IS SPARKLING,
HER COURAGE IS GREAT ♪
♪ HER NECKLACE IS GLOWING,
NOW SHE'LL FIND A WAY ♪
♪ WITH HELP FROM
HER BEST FRIENDS ♪
♪ THEY'LL SAVE THE DAY ♪
♪ HER HEART IS BRIGHT ♪
♪ SHE'S NELLA
THE PRINCESS KNIGHT ♪
♪ TRUE TO HERSELF,
DOING WHAT'S RIGHT ♪
♪ HER HEART IS BRIGHT ♪
♪ SHE'S NELLA
THE PRINCESS KNIGHT ♪
"PRINCESS NELLA'S ORCHESTRA."
[ROYAL FANFARE]
[APPLAUSE]
OH, BOY,
I LOVE A SHOW!
SHH.
CLOD, IT'S STARTING!
OH, BOY, I LOVE IT
WHEN A SHOW STARTS!
HELLO, EVERYONE!
I'M
PRINCESS NELLA,
AND WELCOME TO
THE FIRST ANNUAL
ROYAL CONCERT
IN THE WOODS.
WE'VE BEEN WORKING EXTRA HARD
ON AN EXTRAORDINARY NEW SONG.
TRINKET,
IF YOU PLEASE?
[PITCH PIPE PLAYING]
ALL: ♪ WE SING THIS SONG
FOR YOU ♪
[LOUD HOWLING]
ORC!
CRITTER: HERE HE COMES!
CRITTER #2: RUN!
WHOA!
GOT IT!
CRITTER: WHOA!
CRITTER #2: OOPSIE!
[SCREAMING]
EVERYBODY, IT'S OK!
HE'S GONE!
REALLY?
ARE YOU SURE?
GREAT SHOW, GUYS!
LOVED THE ENDING
WITH THE ORC.
WHAT A TWIST.
UM, I DON'T THINK
THAT WAS SUPPOSED
TO HAPPEN, BUDDY.
TRINKET: OF COURSE NOT!
BECAUSE OF
THAT ORC,
NO ONE WAS ABLE
TO HEAR ME SING.
[GASPING]
HOW DISAPPOINTED
THEY MUST BE!
YEAH, HE TRIED
TO SCARE US AWAY,
AND WE HAD TO STOP
THE SHOW.
I WONDER WHAT
MADE HIM DO THAT.
OOH, OOH, LET ME
CHECK MY KNIGHTLY
TRADING CARDS!
THEY TELL ME EVERYTHING
A YOUNG KNIGHT NEEDS TO KNOW!
UH, LET'S SEE.
IT SAYS RIGHT HERE THAT ORCS
LIKE MUCK AND MUD,
THEY EAT BUGS,
OOH, AND THEY'RE EXCELLENT
ROLLER SKATERS!
GARRETT: AND--
ALL: GARRETT!
OOH, UH, SORRY.
[GASPING]
IT SAYS THAT ORCS
LIVE RIGHT AROUND
THIS PART OF THE WOODS.
OH, WE WERE SINGING
NEAR HIS HOME.
GUESS HE DIDN'T
LIKE THAT.
OH, WELL.
THAT'S THE END OF THAT.
BETTER LUCK NEXT YEAR,
GUYS.
OUR CHORUS CAN'T
GIVE UP THAT EASILY!
WE JUST NEED TO MOVE
OUR CONCERT.
WHAT DO YOU SAY,
CRITTERS?
I DON'T KNOW, NELLA.
YEAH, THAT ORC
REALLY SCARED US.
COME ON!
WE'VE PRACTICED
TOO HARD TO
GIVE UP NOW!
AND BESIDES,
I KNOW THE PERFECT PLACE
FOR A CONCERT.
YOU DO?
WHERE?
SOMEPLACE FABULOUS!
EVEN MORE FABULOUS THAN
A CONCERT IN THE WOODS?
YEP. EVEN MORE.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
A ROYAL CONCERT
AT THE CASTLE!
[ROYAL FANFARE]
NELLA: HELLO!
AND WELCOME BACK
TO THE FIRST ANNUAL
ROYAL CONCERT
AT THE CASTLE!
[APPLAUSE]
NOW--UM, WHERE WERE WE?
OH, YEAH.
TRINKET, IF YOU PLEASE?
[PITCH PIPE PLAYING]
ALL: ♪ WE SING THIS-- ♪
ORC: GAAH-BLAAA-BLAAA!
TRINKET: THE ORC!
HE'S BACK!
WHY DOES THIS
ALWAYS HAPPEN?
WHAT'S THE ORC
DOING HERE?!
[ORC HOWLING]
LOOKS LIKE NOWHERE
IS SAFE TO SING!
CONCERT CANCELED!
CANCELED, I SAY!
THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING.
EVERYONE'S WORKED SO HARD,
AND WE WERE SO EXCITED
FOR THE CONCERT.
IT'S--IT'S JUST NOT RIGHT.
MY HEART IS BRIGHT!
TIME TO BE A PRINCESS KNIGHT!
♪ MY HEART GROWS STRONG ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO SHINE MY LIGHT ♪
♪ SWORD, SHIELD, BOOTS ♪
♪ MY COURAGE SHINING BRIGHT ♪
♪ NOW I AM
THE PRINCESS KNIGHT ♪
NOW, THAT'S A KNIGHT
IN SHINING ARMOR!
WOW!
SHE'S GREAT.
BLAA-OOH!
GAAH-BAAA-BLAAH!
OOH-BAAA-BAAA-GAAH!
OOH!
HUH?!
AHH-BAA-BAA-BAAH?
SHE'S NOT GREAT,
SHE'S THE GREATEST!
NOW I'M GONNA
GIVE THAT ORC
A GOOD TALKING TO!
[HOWLING]
ACTUALLY, MAYBE YOU SHOULD
HANDLE THIS, NELLA.
UH, HI THERE.
I'M NELLA,
THE PRINCESS KNIGHT.
OH. HELLO, NELLA.
I'M, UH, TRAPPED.
I'M CLOD, AND THIS
IS MY BEST FRIEND
SIR GARRETT.
HI, TRAPPED.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
NO, MY NAME IS GORK.
BUT I AM TRAPPED
IN WHAT LOOKS LIKE
SOME VERY COLORFUL
RIBBONS.
YEAH, SORRY
ABOUT THAT, GORK.
IT'S JUST YOU WERE
SCARING EVERYONE.
I WAS?
OHH.
IS THAT WHY THEY WERE
RUNNING AWAY FROM ME,
SCREAMING?
THAT'S KIND OF WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU HOWL AT PEOPLE.
WHEN I WHAT AT PEOPLE?
OH, YOU KNOW...
[IMITATES GORK]
HOWL.
THAT WASN'T
HOWLING!
THAT'S HOW I
SING!
ALL: REALLY?
REALLY!
OOH.
THIS IS AWKWARD.
I HEARD
YOUR CONCERT,
AND THE SINGING
WAS SO PRETTY,
AND I--I WANTED
TO BE IN THE
CHORUS, TOO,
BUT NOBODY LIKES
MY ORC SINGING!
OOH!
OH, DON'T CRY, GORK.
WE DIDN'T REALIZE
YOU WANTED TO BE
A PART OF OUR CHORUS.
YOU CAN JUST JOIN US.
NO.
I CAN'T SING LIKE
YOU GUYS.
[SNIFFLING]
HMM. WELL...
MAYBE WE CAN GIVE YOU
SINGING LESSONS!
YEAH!
YOU KNOW, I LEARNED TO SING
FROM MY GRANDMOTHER...
LEAD ALTO AT THE
METROPOL-ICORN OPERA.
VERY FAMOUS.
NO BIG DEAL.
I'D BE HAPPY
TO TEACH YOU, GORK.
[SNIFFLING]
REALLY?
YOU WOULD DO THAT?
I HAVE A GIFT,
I SHOULD SHARE IT.
AWW, THAT'S SO NICE
OF YOU, TRINK.
WE'LL PRACTICE
WITH GORK,
AND HE CAN JOIN US
IN OUR CONCERT.
AWESOME!
[CHEERING]
PLEASE!
QUIET, CHORUS.
WE HAVE WORK TO DO.
NOW,
LIKE THIS...
♪ MI-MI-MI-MI-
MI-MI-MEEE ♪
♪ BLA-BLEE-BLEE-
BLAAAHHH ♪
AWESOME!
WE HEARD
THE DRAGON!
WE'LL SAVE YOU!
OH, IT'S OK.
WE WERE JUST SINGING.
SO THERE'S NO DRAGON
WITH A TUMMY ACHE?
BACK IT UP, FELLAS.
FALSE ALARM.
JUST AN ORC SINGING.
OHH.
♪ LET'S TRY SINGING
HIGH UP HERE ♪
♪ BLAA-BLEE-BLEE-
GAAH-BLAAH ♪
♪ RRRHHHEEEAAAA ♪
MAYBE YOU COULD TRY
SINGING WHILE YOU SPIN!
♪ LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-
LA-LA-LAAA ♪
♪ GRAH-BLAA-BLAA-- ♪
OHH-AHH-AHH-OOP!
OH, THAT'S IT!
[GORK SOBS]
I GIVE UP!
I CAN'T SING
LIKE YOU...
OR YOUR REALLY
FASHIONABLE UNICORN.
SO I'LL JUST GO HOME,
AND I'LL NEVER EVER
SING AGAIN!
[CRYING]
GORK IS
REALLY UPSET.
OHH, I CAN'T STAND
TO SEE AN ORC CRY.
ME NEITHER.
HE TRIED SO HARD.
AND HE CALLED ME
FASHIONABLE.
GUESS THAT'S A NEW FACT
TO PUT ON THE CARD:
"ORCS CAN ONLY SING
IN THEIR OWN WAY."
WAIT! THAT'S IT!
WE'RE TRYING
TO GET GORK
TO SING LIKE US,
BUT WE ALL SING IN
OUR OWN WAY, TOO!
WE DO?
REALLY?
YOU DON'T SAY?
THINK ABOUT IT.
FIDGET, YOU SING
REALLY, REALLY HIGH.
I DO!
AND, TILLY,
YOU SING
REALLY, REALLY LOW.
FOR SURE!
AND, FIZZLE, YOU JUST
SQUAWK LIKE A...A...
A WILD HORNBILLED
FEATHERFLAPPER!
[SQUAWKS]
RIGHT, BUT WE
FOUND A WAY TO PUT
EVERYONE'S SOUND
TOGETHER IN
OUR OWN CHORUS.
♪ IT'S TRUE ♪
♪ TRUE ♪
SEE? WE DON'T NEED
TO CHANGE GORK.
WE NEED HIM TO STAY
EXACTLY THE WAY HE IS.
SMART GIRL!
YOU SAID IT!
COME ON! WE'VE GOT
TO FIND HIM!
HEH HEH!
I DON'T THINK THAT'LL
BE A PROBLEM.
[GORK CRYING LOUDLY]
[CRYING]
[SPLOSH]
HE'S HEADED DOWN THE HILL!
[CRYING]
GARRETT: OH, NO!
HE'S LOCKED HIMSELF
IN HIS TREE STUMP
WAY DOWN AT THE BOTTOM
OF THE HILL.
BUT HOW ARE WE
GONNA GET DOWN?
IT'S SO MUDDY.
AND HAVE YOU EVER SEEN WHAT MUD
DOES TO RUBY HORSESHOES?
DON'T WORRY, TRINK.
I'VE GOT AN IDEA.
HOP ON, EVERYONE!
GARRETT: WHOO-HOO!
[LAUGHTER]
GARRETT: WHOA!
AWESOME!
TRINKET: YEAH!
GOOD THINKING,
NELLA!
WE MADE IT!
YEAH, BUT WE STILL
HAVE TO GET GORK
TO COME OUT.
[KNOCKING]
NELLA: GORK?
GORK?
GORK: GO AWAY!
GORK, PLEASE COME OUT.
WE NEED YOU FOR OUR CONCERT.
GORK: NO, NO, YOU DON'T.
I CAN'T SING LIKE YOU
AND YOUR CRITTER CHORUS,
REMEMBER?
I KNOW...THAT'S WHY
WE NEED YOU.
♪ WE LOVE YOUR SWEET
"GA-BLAHHH" ♪
♪ HOW YOU SING
"BLOOGH-BLEEE" ♪
♪ OUR SONG'S
NOT COMPLETE ♪
♪ WITHOUT YOU
AND YOU AND YOU ♪
♪ AND MEEE ♪
ALL: ♪ WE LOVE YOUR HIGH
"GA-BLAHHH" ♪
♪ EVEN YOUR LOW
"BLOOGH-BLEEE" ♪
GARRET AND CLOD:
♪ YOU SING THE WAY YOU DOOO ♪
♪ AND I SING LIKE... ♪
♪ ME-ME-ME-ME-
ME-ME-ME-MEEE ♪
ALL: ♪ WE LOVE YOUR SWEET
"GA-BLAHHH" ♪
♪ HOW YOU SING
"BLOOGH-BLEEE" ♪
♪ OUR SONG'S NOT COMPLETE
WITHOUT YOU AND YOU AND YOU ♪
♪ AND MEEE ♪
ALL: ♪ WE LOVE YOUR SWEET
"GA-BLAHHH" ♪
♪ HOW YOU SING
"BLOOGH-BLEEE" ♪
♪ OUR SONG'S NOT COMPLETE ♪
♪ WITHOUT YOU AND YOU AND YOU ♪
♪ AND MEEE ♪
GORK: ♪ OOH-BLAAAG-GLEEE ♪
[APPLAUSE]
THEY LIKE ME!
THEY REALLY
LIKE ME!
THANK YOU!
HEY, UH,
CAN I GET A BITE?
[LAUGHTER]
"THE BLAINE GAME."
LET'S PLAY
FOLLOW THE KNIGHT!
HUP! WHOA!
YEAH!
TURN, DODGE, LUNGE!
AWESOME KNIGHT MOVES,
NELLA!
TURN, DODGE, LUNGE!
HA HA!
NOW SPIN!
WHOO!
WHOA-OH-OH!
WHOA!
COME ON, GARRETT.
LET'S GIVE THOSE
KNIGHT MOVES ANOTHER TRY.
DID SOMEONE SAY
"KNIGHT MOVES"?
THAT CALLS FOR
A KNIGHT LIKE ME!
TURN, DODGE, LUNGE, PARRY,
OVER THE SHOULDER,
UNDER THE LEG,
LUNGE, LUNGE, LUNGE,
AND HA-HA!
I WIN, AND, OH, BOY,
WAS THAT EASY,
BECAUSE WHEN IT COMES
TO DOING KNIGHTLY THINGS,
THIS KNIGHT
ALWAYS WINS.
WELL, THIS GAME'S
NOT REALLY ABOUT
WINNING, SIR BLAINE.
COME ON, ADMIT IT!
HA HA!
OK. YOU WON THAT ONE,
SIR BLAINE.
LET'S KEEP PLAYING,
YOU GUYS.
FOLLOW THE KNIGHT!
[LAUGHTER]
HA-HA!
I WIN!
I'M
THE BEST!
BLAINE,
YOU HEARD NELLA.
THE GAME'S
NOT ABOUT WINNING.
YOU'RE JUST
SAYING THAT
BECAUSE I WON.
COME ON! FOLLOW
THE KNIGHT!
HUP! HUP! HOO! HUP!
HEY, THAT LOOKS LIKE FUN!
HUP!
HUP! HUP!
WATCH THIS.
UHH!
WHOA-WHOA-WHOA!
[CRASH]
YOU OK, BLAINE?
OF COURSE.
I ONLY TRIPPED BECAUSE
THAT CLOUD BLOCKED OUT
THE SUNLIGHT.
[GASPING]
THAT'S NO CLOUD.
THAT'S A...
ALL: DRAGON!
GARRETT: AWESOME!
KING: OH, YOU DON'T SAY!
OH, I CAN'T
BELIEVE IT!
I'VE NEVER SEEN
A DRAGON THAT LOOKED
LIKE THAT BEFORE!
THAT'S BECAUSE IT'S
A PINK POLKA-DOTTED
MOUNTAIN DRAGON, SWEETIE.
A WHAT?
A PINK POLKA-DOTTED
MOUNTAIN DRAGON, NELLA!
IF I MAY,
YOUR MAJESTY, SIR?
ACCORDING TO MY
KNIGHTLY TRADING CARDS,
THE DRAGON IS BIG
WITH PINK POLKA DOTS, AND...
[GASPING]
NOBODY HAS EVER SEEN
ONE OF ITS EGGS HATCH BEFORE!
THAT'S RIGHT,
SIR GARRETT.
AND THE FIRST KNIGHT
TO SEE IT HATCH
WILL BE AWARDED
A SPECIAL
DRAGON MEDAL!
BLAINE: WHOA!
THEN I SHALL TOTALLY
BE THAT
KNIGHT!
WHEN IT
COMES
TO SEEING
PINK
POLKA-DOTTED
DRAGON EGGS
HATCH, I'M
THE BEST!
I'D LOVE TO SEE
THAT DRAGON EGG
HATCH.
I BET
IT'S AMAZING!
WELL, YOU CAN
TRY IF YOU WANT,
BUT I'M
GONNA WIN!
WINNING
WOULD
BE COOL,
BUT SEEING
THAT EGG
HATCH
WOULD BE
THE COOLEST!
YOU'RE ON, SIR BLAINE!
MY HEART IS BRIGHT!
TIME TO BE A PRINCESS KNIGHT!
♪ MY HEART GROWS STRONG ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO SHINE MY LIGHT ♪
♪ SWORD, SHIELD, BOOTS ♪
♪ MY COURAGE SHINING BRIGHT ♪
♪ NOW I AM
THE PRINCESS KNIGHT ♪
THAT'S OUR GIRL!
MM-HMM!
THERE'S JUST ONE QUESTION:
HOW DO YOU FIND THE NEST
OF A PINK POLKA-DOTTED
MOUNTAIN DRAGON?
I BELIEVE I CAN BE
OF SOME ASSISTANCE.
YOU SEE, NELLA, PINK
POLKA-DOTTED DRAGONS LIVE...
ON PINK POLKA DOT
MOUNTAIN!
COME ON!
SEE, THE PINK ROCKS
KIND OF LOOK LIKE
POLKA DOTS.
AH. THE PINK POLKA-DOTTED
DRAGON'S NEST
MUST BE RIGHT AT THE TOP.
COME ON, GARRETT!
HA-HA!
AH! BLAINE!
WAIT, I'VE GOT
A JOKE!
KNOCK-KNOCK.
UH,
WHO'S THERE?
BLAINE IS.
BLAINE IS WHO?
BLAINE IS THE KNIGHT
WHO'S GONNA WIN
THIS CONTEST!
OK, BUT DON'T FORGET,
THE WHOLE POINT
OF THIS CONTEST
IS TO SEE
THE DRAGON EGG HATCH.
OH, UM, THAT.
YEAH, I GUESS.
♪ BLAINE, IT'S PLAIN
THAT YOU LOVE TO COMPETE ♪
♪ YOU FACE
EACH KNIGHTLY TASK ♪
♪ LIKE A CONTEST ♪
♪ BUT DON'T FORGET
WHY WE'RE HAVING
THIS MATCH ♪
♪ TO SEE AN AMAZING
DRAGON EGG HATCH ♪
♪ IT'S NOT JUST
WHO'S BETTER
OR BEST ♪
OR MAYBE YOU'RE SAYING THAT
BECAUSE I AM THE BEST.
♪ I LEAP ROCKS
IN SINGLE BOUNDS ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M THE BEST ♪
♪ I CAN BENCH-PRESS 40 POUNDS ♪
♪ I CAN COUNT TO 32,
I CAN SING LIKE BIRDIES DO ♪
♪ ALWAYS WINNING
AND DEFEATING ♪
♪ 'CAUSE AT HAVING FUN
COMPETING ♪
♪ I'M THE BEST ♪
BUT LET'S NOT FORGET
ABOUT SEEING THAT
DRAGON EGG.
I WON'T...
♪ 'CAUSE I'M THE BEEEST ♪
OH, NO!
HOW ARE WE EVER GONNA
GET ACROSS THAT?
NELLA: I'M NOT SURE.
MAYBE IF WE--
♪ WATCH ME CROSS
THIS GIANT TRENCH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M THE BEST ♪
♪ DID I MENTION
I SPEAK FRENCH? ♪
♪ JE SUIS
LE MEILLEUR ♪
THAT MEANS
"I'M THE BEST."
♪ IN KNIGHTHOOD I WAS VERSED ♪
♪ AND I'LL SWING
ACROSS THERE FIRST ♪
WHOA! EEE!
♪ SEE? ♪
♪ EVEN WHEN I'M
AT MY WORST ♪
♪ I'M STILL THE BEEEST ♪
AND THAT'S WHY I'M GONNA WIN!
OH, YEAH?
WELL, WE'RE THE BEST, TOO!
OH!
IT'S GONNA BE
IMPOSSIBLE TO CATCH UP
WITH BLAINE NOW.
NOT FOR A PRINCESS KNIGHT!
I SEE A SHORTCUT.
GREAT GAUNTLETS, NELLA!
NOTHING CAN STOP YOU!
AWW, THANKS.
ALL RIGHT!
GO GET HIM, NELLA!
OH, I'M NOT GOING ALONE.
YOU'RE GONNA SEE
THAT EGG TOO, GARRETT!
READY?
1, 2, 3...
OHH!
NELLA AND GARRETT: GO!
WHOA-OH-OH!
NELLA: WOW!
WHOA!
SIR BLAINE WAS SO WRONG.
HE'S NOT THE BEST,
YOU ARE, NELLA!
AWW, THANKS, GARRETT.
COME ON, LET'S HURRY!
GARRETT: WHOA!
NELLA: LOOK!
THAT'S IT!
THE PINK POLKA-DOTTED
DRAGON EGG!
OH, MY GOSH!
AND IT'S EVEN MORE
BEAUTIFUL THAN I IMAGINED.
YEAH!
OHH!
YIKES!
BUT I WAS HERE FIRST.
LET'S HEAR IT
FOR SIR BLAINE!
[IMITATES CHEERING]
I WON! I WON!
I SAW IT FIRST!
BUT YOU HAVEN'T EVEN
LOOKED AT IT YET!
OR SEEN IT HATCH!
AND YOU HAVEN'T WON
UNTIL YOU'VE
SEEN IT HATCH.
BUT I WILL SEE IT HATCH!
'CAUSE I'M AWESOME
SIR BLAINE!
I'M AWESOME,
AND I'M--WHOA!
OHH!
[GASPING]
UH-OH.
NELLA: OH, NO!
COME ON!
STOP THAT EGG!
YEAH! I HAVE TO
SEE IT HATCH IF I
WANT TO WIN THE MEDAL!
WHOA!
LET'S GO!
OH, YEAH!
WHOA!
GARRETT: WHOA-OH-OH!
THIS IS AWESOME!
NELLA: WHOA!
GARRETT: YEAH!
WHOA!
WE'RE GETTING CLOSE!
WE'VE GOT TO GET IT
BEFORE IT GOES OVER
THAT CLIFF!
BLAINE: WHOA!
I CAN GET IT!
NO, BLAINE, WAIT!
ALL: WHOA!
NELLA: OH, NO!
[SPLASH]
COME ON! THIS WAY!
[WATER RUSHING]
NELLA: OH!
[GARRETT GASPS]
GARRETT: OH,
THAT'S NOT GOOD.
NELLA: WE'VE GOT TO STOP THAT
EGG BEFORE IT HITS THOSE ROCKS!
BUT HOW?
BY WORKING TOGETHER!
TOGETHER?
FORGET IT.
THIS IS A CONTEST.
I STILL HAVE TO SEE
THAT EGG HATCH
IF I WANT TO WIN!
WHAT DO WE DO,
NELLA?
IF THE ONLY WAY TO GET
BLAINE TO HELP US IS
TO MAKE THIS A CONTEST,
THEN THAT'S WHAT WE'LL DO!
LAST ONE TO THOSE ROCKS
IS A SWAMP SLUG!
YOU'RE ON!
DID IT!
SIR BLAINE DID IT!
BUT I BET
YOU CAN'T GET
TO THE OTHER SIDE.
OH, YES, I CAN!
I TOLD YOU SO!
HURRY, NELLA!
IF THE EGG HITS THOSE ROCKS,
IT'LL BE SCRAMBLED!
THAT'S ALL PRETTY GOOD,
SIR BLAINE,
BUT LET'S SEE WHO'S THE BEST
AT RIBBON TUG OF WAR.
YOU'RE ON!
[NELLA AND BLAINE GRUNT]
ALL RIGHT!
YOU STOPPED IT! WOW!
HA-HA!
WE SAVED THE EGG!
WE DID IT!
WAIT.
"WE" DID IT?
WE?
YEP!
YOU GUYS WORKED
TOGETHER, BLAINE.
AND TOGETHER,
WE NEED TO GET THIS EGG
BACK TO ITS NEST
SO WE CAN SEE IT HATCH.
DON'T WORRY. I'M SURE
I'LL THINK OF SOMETHING.
[THUD]
GUYS?
WELL, WE'D BETTER DO IT
BEFORE THE MAMA DRAGON
COMES BACK.
GUYS?
YEAH, WE WOULDN'T WANT TO BE
AROUND WHEN THAT DRAGON--
[SCREAMING]
UH, SORRY ABOUT THAT,
MRS. DRAGON.
WE DIDN'T MEAN
TO KNOCK YOUR EGG
OUT OF ITS NEST,
BUT WE DID OUR BEST
TO KEEP IT SAFE.
OH, THAT'S OK.
THANK YOU FOR
TAKING CARE OF IT.
I'M JUST GLAD
SOMEONE WAS THERE
TO LOOK AFTER IT.
MY NAME'S POLKADOTTIE,
BY THE WAY.
OH, AND I'M NELLA,
THE PRINCESS KNIGHT.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
WELL, WE BETTER HEAD
BACK TO THE KINGDOM.
OH, WHY DON'T I
GIVE YOU A RIDE.
[CHEERING]
WHOA-HO-HO!
WHOO-HOO!
WOW!
SO COOL!
AWESOME!
OOH, HEY, LOOK!
THERE'S THE KINGDOM!
BLAINE: WOW!
NELLA: COME ON, POLKADOTTIE!
DOWN THERE!
[LAUGHTER]
OH, NO!
RUN!
IT'S THAT
DRAGON AGAIN!
[VILLAGERS CRY OUT]
HA HA HA!
HEY, EVERYONE, IT'S OK.
THIS IS MY NEW FRIEND...
POLKADOTTIE.
HELLO!
HOW DO YOU DO?
WOW! THE PINK POLKA-DOTTED
MOUNTAIN DRAGON!
[GASPING]
AND HER PINK
POLKA-DOTTED EGG!
THESE FINE YOUNG
KNIGHTS KEPT IT
SAFE AND SOUND,
YOUR KINGLY
HIGHNESS, SIR.
YOU SHOULD BE VERY PROUD.
VERY PROUD.
[CRACKING]
OOH!
[GASPING]
[BABBLING]
MAMA!
MY BABY!
NELLA: AWW!
OH-HO-HO!
ALL: AWW!
HA-HA!
THE EGG HATCHED!
AND I SAW IT FIRST!
I WIN! I WIN!
I SAW IT FIRST!
UHH...WELL...
I GUESS WE ALL SORT OF
SAW IT AT THE SAME TIME.
WHICH MEANS WE ALL WON!
HOORAY!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]